this here is a sirs Helios 500 it's kind
of like the bigger brother to the Helios
300 and it's a device that almost
replaces the predator 17 and the
predator 17 ex from last year so those
were really popular gaming devices this
is kind of like the successor to it it
looks quite different though instead of
the black and red it's predominantly
blue and I like the look of it the
design is obviously very gamer oriented
it's got angular trim pieces and the
whole design language does feel
appropriate further predator named tech
so the build quality feels good it is
plastic there's no aluminium on the top
or the bottom or anywhere on the
exterior but it feels well built in
comparison to other gaming laptops of
this caliber with like 17-inch gaming
laptops that often have aluminum around
it the big advantage is price obviously
by using probably carbonate or just
other plastic materials they're able to
keep the cost down but also weight this
is a lighter laptop than something like
the Alienware device it's not as tanky
as an alienware like if I threw both of
them off the stairs this would probably
crack before hey Leon where did but it's
still a really solid machine in terms of
the ports it's got plenty of i/o display
outputs on the back and use B ports on
the sides there's three use bas and then
two you species both of them support the
Thunderbolt 3 now to access the inside
it's not super difficult there's
actually a hatch on the bottom it's got
two screws and that's it the rest of the
back panel does come off but it's a
little bit more work now inside you get
access to the Wi-Fi card this one's the
killer 1550 it's an intel-based card
it's a fast one I like it you also have
four RAM slots there's only two easily
accessed you can remove everything to
get to the other two but you have to
easy to access ones you get three Drive
bays two of them nvme one of them SATA
the battery in here isn't small but it's
a pretty serious laptop I'm willing
getting around three hours of battery
life
that's what screen at 250 nits and
that's not playing games that's just
like regular use if you're playing games
expect 45 minutes to an hour of battery
life but that's just what it is that's
what gaming laptops are like okay the
screen is really nice this is a 144
Hertz panel made by a yuo it honestly
looks really similar in image quality to
the 15-inch 144 Hertz screen that we've
seen a lot of the high-end gaming
laptops right now but this screen also
has g-sync so not only is it bigger it's
a 17.3 inch screen but it also has
g-sync and it looks really nice when
you're playing games
the unfortunate thing is that because of
g-sync you don't have
access to Nvidia Optimus so you don't
have the power savings from that you
have a really short battery life
brightness is good and the color
accuracy is respectable it's a very nice
screen the keyboard is pretty
comfortable it's a big laptop so the
whole typing surface is elevated a
little bit but once you get used to it
it's a nice keyboard the layout is
spacious the keystrokes are nice and it
also has programmable macro keys up top
I like the trackpad it's a glass surface
windows precision drivers blue lighting
on the perimeter and hardware buttons
below it these buttons have quite a bit
of travel when you press it but it's a
good trackpad now the performance on
this device is excellent we're talking
just straight-up excellent now this unit
has an overclockable eye 9 and that's a
chip that can get pretty hot but the
thermals on this device are really well
done five heat pipes big fans big heat
sinks and blue heat sinks for extra
bonus points it's a great thermal design
the fans are quiet on idle but they can
get loud especially if you spin them up
fast you'll want to use headphones when
you're playing games the GPU is an
overclocked old gtx 1070 and again
pushes out really good performance this
is a GPU that I think will last several
years in terms of gaming life at 1080p
it's just a really good combination the
speakers are located on the bottom but
they sound really good despite that
imperfect location they get loud but
still a clean sound and there's a sub on
the bottom it's nothing crazy but it
gives it a little bass or just some body
to the audio so my overall thoughts on
this bad boy it is a powerful laptop and
I think that the six core CPU and the
gtx 1070 are gonna last quite a while
the components that they have in here
are smart it's overclockable very well
cooled and upgradability is good it's
easy to access a little bulky and heavy
I mean it's a 17-inch gaming laptop
right so if frequent transportation is a
thing for you then I would consider
something thinner and/or lighter but if
you don't need crazy portability this is
a pretty cool pickup it's powerful it's
well cooled overclock well GPU overclock
will CPU they did a lot of stuff right
on this thing
now there's another variants to this
that's gonna come an AMD like Rison and
Vega for the CPU and GPU and that's
pretty promising I'm excited for that I
don't know if I'll do a full review on
it because it's going to be very similar
to this but I'll probably post something
on Twitter or maybe Instagram to kind of
compare the two but that's basically it
okay hope you guys enjoyed this video
thumbs if you liked it subs
you loved it see you guys next time